doc: fix ~75 typos and grammar issues across documentation (#14179)
pytest-dev/pytest: CONTRIBUTING.rst

   to do the backport.
2. However, often the merge is done by another maintainer, in which case it is nice of them to
   do the backport procedure if they have the time.
3. For bugs submitted by non-maintainers, it is expected that a core developer will do
   the backport, normally the one that merged the PR on ``main``.
4. If a non-maintainer notices a bug which is fixed on ``main`` but has not been backported

>    (due to maintainers forgetting to apply the *needs backport* label, or just plain missing it),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   (due to maintainers forgetting to apply the *needs backport* or *backport x.x.x* labels, or just plain missing it),
```
